hey everybody welcome back to nor the
land please the binding of issac
afterbirth Plus Tomo you want to say
something Tomo no meows no meows I knew
it dari goes buddy hello hello my tomo
buddy okay well that's enough dad we're
gonna do new run we're doing randoms cuz
we lost on our last run Tomo I can't pay
you right now but after this episode is
done
non-stop pets I promise I don't know
what this voice is where the loss
against me 240 X you want one one meow -
one pet ready Tomo come oh come oh no
meow - no pets I petted him a little
anyway I like being a loss I'm happy to
be the loss the last run was extremely
strange very aberrant as far as lost
runs go my boy comes in here he meows at
the door I let him in I pet him I start
recording Isaac he's like I don't want
to be here anymore he's looking at the
door he's ready to leave I gave you the
best pets of your life and you've
decided to rebuke my my respect
okay don't die on the second room that
would be a little embarrassing
parasitoid tears is excellent as well so
I'm excited Friday night and I've been
recording a lot today is my last video
of the day it's like what I used to feel
like it's not that I don't enjoy doing
videos by the way it's just been such a
busy day it's been like a time and a
half day for sure that this is what I
used to feel like on like Friday night
when I had my teaching job except for
those weekends where they were like hey
can you come in on Saturday because you
know there's going to be some of the
kids here for like a field trip sort of
thing and you're like well can I legally
say no and they're like no and you're
like okay well I'll see you on Saturday
the downside to working you know in a
foreign country with no knowledge of
your of your rights and freedoms but
anyway I digress it's not the that
wasn't the right time to plead the fifth
because it brought me here we have no
bombs
so I unfortunately have zero means with
which to access this Isaac's room which
is a real shame because a black market
would be incredible
however wait a minute let's think about
this if things go exactly right
like unbelievably right we could get
enough money to buy a bomb potentially
turn it into two bombs via a mechanism
no Cade I was going to say biomechanism
I haven't considered I guess probably
like bombing right here would have a
chance to do it but oh you know what we
only need one bomb because the secret
room is adjacent to Isaac's room but we
need another bomb to break the bed in
the middle so we'd actually be hoping
for like the matchbook here I got to
remember because the last run was so
strange I have to remember that on this
run we should not under any
circumstances you use the d4 do you
remember how things went wrong in the
last run probably like people are like
NL you should go see a neurologist I
walked into a self sacrifice room walked
on the spike took damage sought for some
reason I was in a curse room so I would
die if I left so I rerolls the whole run
thus losing me holy mantle in a Hail
Mary attempt to live despite the fact
that I need to do it send me on a spiral
of despair that led to my eventual
victory surprise surprise
well this is not going to do it for us
that was effectively worthless but it's
all other deals with the devil
regardless but yeah that was not a not a
stellar performance on my behalf that
led to a run that I hope was a little
bit entertaining but yeah my brain is
fried you'd have recorded so much today
the deleterious amount I hope not but
conceivably from from a commentary
standpoint you know you sometimes the
comps the commentary Peaks like three
videos four videos into a day usually
it's hopefully relatively
Sisseton around there as well but you
know you got bits stored up you go up on
tangents your high energy right now I'm
more like when this is over I'm gonna
eat the sandwich and sit on the couch
like I never understood sitting on the
couch when I was a kid you know parents
get home from work they take a seat on
the couch and you go wow being an adult
sucks nah dawg and so that's what a hard
day's work earns you is I just want to
get home and sit down you're gonna turn
on the TV I don't know 50 50 little
feelin a little lazy my just sort of sit
there my phone is like a TV in my pocket
maybe I'll look at my phone god help me
if it's got to be charged though I you
know it's as I get older my phone almost
never ends up being uncharged or low on
battery when I was younger and
admittedly I've only you know I lived in
the pre cellphone era so I've had my own
phone only since I was like maybe 2021
it's like seven years
I mean battery life has gotten better
for one but you know always sorry my
phones out of battery you know 20%
battery life 40% battery life I'm on
like a hundo percent battery life most
of the time now not hundred but like
rarely do I get home and have it be
under 50% admittedly it smells like I
have a long commute
oh I crack myself up but it's it's
almost always charged then we make up
for this in Canada by having no data
allowances so you're like oh did I
accidentally just open a video on LTE I
guess I owe them my firstborn child my
firstborn child was a very strange
opportunity for an Ed McMahon impression
for some reason money please thanks
thanks a lot um you know what we want
bombs ooh
we don't want keys but not super
disappointed this is a good shop this
Rhonda is I mean I didn't really
lampshade
but of course on a run like this I'm
going to take mom's knife I'm the
freaking loss the rule is it's in the
Geneva Convention if you random the lost
you can take whatever items show up you
don't have to apologize for it because
you already are paying the piper by
being the lost in the first place we can
buy a BFF as well
BFF tonight am I quite like so I may
indeed consider it here and buy consider
I mean like I was walking over there to
do it at the present moment so yeah
we'll do that it's not like we have an
arcade that we ever want to make but
especially on the next floor but I think
it's you know if you were to draw a
graph of phone average phone charge
versus age it would rise as you get
older because plugging in your phone is
a good metaphor for how to live a
successful adult life at night you know
you might think all I'm too lazy to plug
in my phone but you know it's going to
hurt you tomorrow obviously it doesn't
take a whole lot of work but you know
that's that skill of plugging in your
phone nightly despite the fact that you
don't necessarily want to do it in every
situation but it'll benefit you tomorrow
it's applicable to all areas of adult
life you know all you know it's Sunday I
don't want to buy groceries you go out
you buy groceries anyway then you got
food for Monday Tuesday Wednesday maybe
even longer I don't know how long how
often do you guys buy groceries on a
regular basis when I when I was a single
bachelor a young a young pup so to speak
I was like a twice a week sort of guy I
think we're still pretty much in that
range Kate and I are right now you know
you because I don't meet usually only
stays good for like a few days and I'm
on this I eat a lot of sandwiches
because I'm white like like so white
unbelievably white I'm not saying that
as a self insult it's just the way it is
right and I love sandwiches it's in my
blood I could be happy eating nothing
but sandwiches for the rest of my life I
could probably be happy eating nothing
but the same sandwich every day for the
rest
to my life so the thing is I love eating
these sandwiches but it's a suboptimal
lunch food to buy for yourself at the
grocery store and you might say NL
that's stupid people been doing it for
years yeah I know but the thing is
unless you buy a stager and maybe nobody
else has this problem maybe I'm unique
in this I'm just going to blow you up
because I don't care about your
existence maybe I'm maybe I eat and I
don't know I'm trying to phrase this in
a way that doesn't damn me my typical
sandwich is two slices of bread three
slices of a lunch meat so like a sliced
usually processed meat sometimes they
get the artisan stuff if you down at the
Whole Foods or as I call it a whole
paycheck don't sue me jeff bezos anyway
nah I'm not dying here I'm not dying
here thank you
two hearts maybe we should use two of
diamonds first but I'm actually okay
with this I got to go hard on this I do
not care about moving bucks it's so much
more trouble than it's worth in like
almost every situation but anyway what
if we can get something on a dull razor
so it's like two slices of bread
standard three slices of meat I'll slice
up some cheese put some mustard on it
sometimes some lettuce you know it's
pretty simple it's a very I would
hesitate I would not hesitate to call
that a standard sandwich by the average
person's definition sure maybe some
people are like where's the red onion
dude you got some red onion throw it on
there as that's the beauty about
sandwiches they can take on a variety of
different ingredients and still be
glorious right but anyway
the turnover in sandwich ingredients is
too high we buy bread the bread
typically goes bad between four and five
days that means no matter what unless
you're buying like eight loaves of bread
freezing them and then you got a defrost
them I suppose Plus defrosted bread it's
never the same I know a lot of people do
it my parents do it as well you can tell
if they did a blind test I could tell a
hundred percent and I'm not being
facetious I'd be like this is a fresh
loaf is the front defrosted loaf it's
not the
that's either one is bad I'm just saying
you can tell we don't do the bread
freezing thing here because we don't
have a chest freezer we don't have a
chest freezer because we live in an
apartment that's you know 600 square
feet or something like that I would take
up like all of our living rooms so
anyway the point is that means I have to
go grocery shopping twice a week there's
no conceivable way we could freeze
loaves of bread but then we could buy
three loaves of bread at a time we'd
have to go grocery shopping three times
in two weeks this is the other way it
could work out I guess but the point is
you always need more sandwich
ingredients I need to I'm not trying to
like min/max my entire pardon me my
entire life to make it so efficient but
that's why I'm grocery shopping two
times a week it's like 90 percent
sandwich math I have to run out of bread
or the bread goes bad or I run out of
meat because you know I order a standard
amount of me I see people they go to the
they go to the deli counter they order
like a hundred grams of a meat that you
probably do like slices or ounces in the
u.s. I guess but I'm gonna be honest you
a hundred grams of meat is like maybe
two sandwiches that's okay
I'm not going to rag on you if you're
only having two sandwiches that week
that makes sense but the math doesn't
make sense to me you took all this time
to go to the grocery store and you're
just going to buy enough meat for two
sandwiches I get like 300 400 grams
that's enough meat for four to five
sandwiches I think that math roughly
checks out I'm not doing strict error
check and you get the idea
but even then so there are some days
where I'll have two sandwiches and then
as a result I'm basically I'm never more
than two days away from needing more
sandwich ingredients you know the first
sandwich you make with brand-new
ingredients you're like these are going
to last forever the second sandwich you
make with new ingredients you're like
we're gonna need more stuff soon cheese
is the like the ultimate Savior the
cheese you buy a block of cheese if you
don't use it for other purposes it will
seriously stay good for a hundred years
what if it gets moldy dude I'm so like
Pro food safety but I don't know other
there hopefully like this I seem like a
weirdo if a hard cheese gets moldy you
just cut the moldy part off give it like
a lick of it's not just dude like
there's unseen mold under the surface
right so you cut the moldy part off and
with a little bit extra to hopefully
stop the spread it's like you're doing
surgery in the Middle Ages you know
you've got a gangrenous leg and you're
going to go to chop it off and get to
the you know get to the good stuff save
the rest of the world or save their
heads to the leg I should say anyway
this the cheese is a non non-issue the
cheese is always there's always cheese
and it's always in a good condition but
bread and meat are in a different spot I
need to start doing what I did in
college which was actually like really
good for my health and wellness which
was make like one sweet pot of chili a
week and then just have chili for lunch
and you're like I knew the macronutrient
breakdown like the back of my freaking
hand you know literally is a 540
calories per serving the most of it is
from protein but there is also a little
bit of fat from the beef and the
carbohydrates are exclusively in fibrous
form viola the legumes the three cans of
beans that go in there you know it was
it was perfect it was like a genetically
created superfood that also kept well in
the fridge always tasted well tasted
good that was an overcorrection
grammatically speaking and you know what
you know all you need just boom that's
it all you need to have a good time with
chili once it's made as a spoon when
sure when you buy the groceries you got
to buy a lot more the preparation time
is much larger than making a single
sandwich probably much larger than
making five sandwiches but I think it's
it's worth it from a simplification
standpoint so how's this run going I'm
straight up I actually do not know I
couldn't tell you dude we got mom's
knife which is lovely but we're on base
damage a great rate of fire slightly
irrelevant with mom's knife but not bad
certainly a chance to
is there a secret room somewhere near I
heard it go cash oh yeah it is right
there we're on schedule which is bad for
having moms night because it indicates
that we're probably beyond schedule
layer behind schedule it should say Kate
is playing a horror game from the other
room on stream so if you hear shouting
or screaming that's where that's coming
from which I understand sounds like the
sort of thing that happens in like media
all the time where they're like oh
there's been a disappearance with this
person and then you know you go to the
suspected killers house and you've got
like blood all over his hands like oh
yeah officer I was just butchering
butchering a deer that I caught but no
this is you know time will bear out
she's playing hide and shriek on steam
right now are on stream right now some
people you know they horror games on
YouTube and twitch have been given a bad
name all this is getting ridiculous by
people who like fake their reactions and
I understand the pressure to fake a
reaction as well because I mean it's
conceived I don't rely on that stuff for
entertainment value I actually have no
idea why I'm entertaining I'm just I do
to some people anyway at least I'm just
happy that it's there and I'm anxious
every day that one day it won't be there
and it'll just be gone and there'll be
no way to get it back however we might
as well take curse of a tower dude who
cares right however I understand that
pressure to perform you know Kate is
like 100% the like Platonic ideal of who
you want to watch play a horror game
because she gets genuinely scared all
the time and she gets like animated when
she gets afraid I don't mean she turns
into a car too and that be weird as heck
dude alright so I did use tell appeals
there I was hoping to say that for boss
rush but it's alright I'm sorry fine
regardless just remember that song it
might be a Canadian song and I say that
because
if it's a Canadian song it might have
been one of those things where I was
only played on radio here because we
have laws that say you have to play a
certain amount of Canadian content but
it went that's all right that's okay and
it I really love you anyway and I think
it's pan food me too something yeah and
the song's called another dumb blonde I
can't remember it was like a big in the
pop punk era so like you know Oh Wanda
oh four or something like that I'm not
saying it's a good song as the song is
definitely more about like you know your
first boyfriend broke up with you in
middle school and now you want to get
back at them so you make those lyrics
like your aim away message or something
like that but anyway okay we got to be
careful now
it just popped into my head the other
day no joke when I was making a sandwich
no I haven't heard this song in a long
time
Thank You universe for presenting me
with something to talk about on this
episode by giving me that bit from
earlier this week I appreciate it
there's a couple of songs like that that
nobody talks about them anymore but
every once in a while they pop in my
head like there's another one it's I'm
afraid of Britney Spears and Christina
Aguilera Backstreet Boys and NSYNC I
don't know what to think
so this is like you know a long
generation personified but at the time
we were like well thank god what's the
difference between the Backstreet Boys
NSYNC in that band basically they had
guitars so you but that's real music
dude better damage worse rate of fire
we're going to snow we should go to the
shop we should go to the shop we got so
much money we should go to the shop or
maybe that band is the new version of
the wheels I had no idea let's be real
all I'm saying is we all bought into a
fact that dude please a black market I
would give anything to experience the
market noir unlikely well we're still
moving on I mean the run is fine is
beyond fine it's good it's just the main
principle problem is that we still can't
take any hits I wish that our speed was
like 1.2 and then I'd be a lot happier
but short of getting like a respawn or
something this is pretty much where we
want to be looking for more copy items
but very cautious of the fact that some
troll bombs could cause us some issues
when I said that might as well take her
to the tower by the way I hope you
called me on that because there's no
reason well that's not true there is
actually one reason to take curse of the
tower that I can think of maybe you can
think of more there's also one reason
not to so here's the here's the easy
ones the reason to take it is that if we
rewrote our whole run it gets rear old
into something else that could be useful
or it could be terrible but you know
you're banking on it being useful we're
going to try to make boss rush despite
it seeming like a bit of a pipe dream
right now hopefully we'll get a teleport
on the way so we can go back to the shop
not that we can buy spirit arts or
anything but still either way so that's
the benefit is that it adds one more
item in your item drawer and then you
know if you were to ever to find a six
room and for some reason you wanted to
re-roll it or you had addy 100 or
something like that you could take
advantage of that and it would probably
help you out although I'm skeptical of
the relative value of that the negative
though is that if we ever respawn as
another character like if we get dark
Judas or Lazarus rags all of a sudden we
we still have curse with the tower which
can be very dangerous when you come back
with one HP so in the end I think it
probably was still a bad idea to take it
and that's how you know an item is
really bad when even when it has no
effect it could still have a
catastrophic
of that so okay I tried so many
different ways to not get hit there be
careful this this is like the calm
before the storm where we look at this
and we go
hey remember back on that depth room
where I took six here the depths floor
where I took six hits on six rooms in a
row yeah that explains why we're dead
now we are going to have a chance to
make boss rush but it's going to have to
be like a ten out of ten item in order
to justify its existence but I still
think it's worth trying just going to
quickly bomb these two and hope that we
get a card
hopefully that card is worth it not
nothing just focusing for now it's kind
of an important fight no deal Polaroid
is fine able Aquarius halitosis in the
bean halitosis and the bean Helen no
this is this is very bad this is not
good so what's the what's the scenario
here but you know in a way I like it
because it's a classic lost running
we've never deviated from the don't get
hit twice model right now got an outside
chance of gum P nine lives wins us the
run to guppy items probably wins us the
run substantial damage increase probably
wins us the run and even if we get none
of that I think we got a good chance of
winning the run I don't think we're in a
nothing we're in an unfair position I
don't think the run has been bad to us I
mean we got mom's knife early and then
we got deaths touch maybe those are the
only big damage improvements we've had
but you know what more it is it does a
boy need what a girl wants what a girl
needs whatever makes you happy sets me
free and I'm thinking you over show
anything
and I remember that we're getting into
the leg everybody remembers and talks
about all constantly toxic hit me baby
one more time
oops I did it again you know nobody ever
talks about sometimes sometimes I men
sometimes I had who's sometimes I'm
scared of you but I really want is to
what a strange song Brittany it sounds
like you're creeping us do the hack out
he's like hey Brittany you want to go
out and then she runs away it hides from
you sometimes I'm scared of you all I
really want is to hold you tight treat
you right be with you day and night this
is a very strange message for that song
I mean I could if the subtext is that
she gets like intimidated because the
man's showing her affection I guess I
understand that you know she's like
teehee Oh Sydney what's Rob's voice
senpai oh but I pull from there senpai
I'm trying to do Rob's version of the
anime voice it's oh man somebody linked
that clip in the comments can even post
links in YouTube comments I got no idea
either way when she says you know that
the text of the song seems to make it
apparent that sometimes she actually
runs away from this from her suitor and
there's nothing wrong with that if
you're actually like in danger but like
if you like this poor guy and he's like
hey Brittany I needed hey Brittany I
need to tell you something I love you
and but then she's literally running
away and hiding in fear
that's not sending a mixed message
that's sent a message that light is do
as a creep and you're sending in that
message without without desiring to send
it to them it's a very strange situation
Brittany
on Seuss algae's bag as hey bro check
this out I'm gonna call Mike do it do it
hello guys I I mean okay immediately I
apologize because some of you were
probably trying to sleep that's also not
what these videos are made for these
videos are videos for you to jerk it to
not to sleep - okay two very different
things
sometimes done in the same location
algae's picado see that was supposed to
be a play on the what's up the was up
joke was a that gasps it's like I said
at the stars been a long day okay no
response yet you don't need a respawn to
win is the loss certainly even old loss
you didn't need a respawn although it
was like it's like you know you don't
need a high school diploma to get this
job but you know it's kind of like a
soft credential be very valuable at the
very least is what I'm trying to suggest
here it's indicative the quality of this
run somehow we were unable to kill a guy
by actually poking him with the knife
for that long just because our knife is
on like no damage very little damage the
principal problem right now though is
really speed yeah we lived let's not get
cocky but we lived on Susan's very good
Avedon's very nice let's get the heck
out of here
oh is this what I see one though the
Abaddonn pick up is very helpful don't
get me wrong but I would love some like
a speed upgrade probably wins us the
game at this point we know guppies not
likely to happen so
it's been a while since I had a lost run
yep it all it all went up in smoke in
like two seconds I was just about to say
it's been a while since I've had a lost
run that gives us a run for our money so
this one absolutely did that was my own
poor play they're squirming to 4dx
you got me for now though thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode we
click the like button
how was that a great deal and of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time